fix(curriculum): Recipe Tracker improvements (#57694)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/workshop-recipe-tracker/66fbcf750a62784cf11f5632.md

# --description--

> Create a `getTotalIngredients` function that takes a single parameter, an array with ingredients. This function should return the number of ingredients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a `getTotalIngredients` function that takes a single parameter, representing an array with ingredients, and returns the number of ingredients from the array passed to the function.
```

> Create a `getTotalIngredients` function that takes a single parameter, representing an array with ingredients, and returns the number of ingredients from the array passed to the function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create a `getTotalIngredients` function that takes a single argument, representing an array with ingredients, and returns the number of ingredients from the array passed to the function.
```
